Timetable

    The timetable is your agenda.

       It will tell you when and where you have your lesson so that you can always quickly organize yourself before it starts.
       It also shows who your teachers are, and which classrooms the lessons will take place in.
       In addition, it will provide you with the basic structure and order of a school day, such when lunch and break starts and ends, Enrichment/CCA time, Tutor time, etc.
       An example of a block in your time table will look like this:


    Every class/ period is exactly 55 minutes long with 5 minutes of travel time to your next lesson. Sometime you will have double lessons wherein, you will just stay in the same room.

    The ordering system of your time table is quite easy. In the morning you have tutor time which is where you go to get registered and have PSHE a unique topic that teaches you about useful life skills. This will only last 25 minutes before you go to your first lesson.


    The day is broken into 3 blocks, 1st block, 2nd block and 3rd block. Each block has two lessons in it called lesson A and lesson B. This helps us to easily divide up the day. Your first two lessons will be called 1A and 1B, your next lessons will be in block two so they will be called 2A and 2B, then 3A and 3B.

    You will have a break after 1B where you can relax and get a snack for 25 minutes. Then after 2B you will have lunch time where you can get lunch from the Boma or eat your packed lunch.


    Enrichments
        On Tuesdays and Thursdays, there are black spots in 3B. These blank spots are called enrichments. Enrichments are a section in the day that is similar to CCA's where you are able to pick and chose what you want to do.

            There are many Enrichments hosted by many teachers. You are able to sign up online on the CHQ forum (your tutor will tell you how to do this).

            You will then attend the Enrichment for an hour every Tuesday and Thursday for one hour and after 11 weeks of this, you can change your Enrichment to something different.

            However, every year its mandatory to do an enrichment from one of these categories: Creative, Active, Service and an additional MI- Learning project.

            This may sound familiar as CAS which is important for IB and college. A Mi-Learning project is quite literally anything you are interested in and want to pursue further.

            In fact, this entire website was a product of a Mi-Learning project.