Facilities

    Our innovative and state of the art, campus was build with a specific design to enhance the learning process. There are moveable classroom equipment that can be changed each lesson depending on how you want to learn to create a collaborative and exciting environment.

        The Agora
            The Agora is a place where you can relax and have quiet studying time during break and lunch. It has special monitors that you can connect to and stream what you are playing on your screen.

        The Boma
            The Boma is a place where you can meet up with friends and get some snacks or lunch during break and lunch times.

        The Makerspaces
            The makerspaces, aka workshops, are designed to reflect those of MIT. They are outfitted with cutting edge technology containing; CNC routers, 2 3D printers and a variety of other machinery

        Classrooms
            Our schools innovative designed classrooms are made to increase learning efficiency and provide an open learning environment.

        Gold Gym
            Our NCAA approved varsity gym is outfitted to play almost any sport. It's even used for large assemblies.

        Silver Gym
            The silver gym is a gym that is outfitted with similar equipment to the gold gym except is used more widely during indoor sports and CCA's.

        Swimming Pool
            Our school has a 6-lane swimming pool which is used for both CCA's, swimming lessons and competitions.

        Tennis Court
            Our triple court tennis are is used during CCA's and enrichment times.

        Music Rooms
            The schools music rooms are the only part of the school that does not have windows on the walls. This is to make it more soundproof allowing you to be able to play and hear music better. Music rooms are equipped with all kinds of instruments ranging from electric keyboards to drum kits.

        Science Labs
            Our science labs are equipped with state of the art technology that yearns to improve learning capabilities to their max. As well as this, there is a prep room located on both floors 3 and 4 containing all kinds of scientific apparatus and reactants.

        Auditorium
            Our auditorium was created in partnership with Julliard and is designed to be optimized for any kind of performance. It is commonly used during assemblies and school announcements.

        IB Suite
            The IB suite is a place where IB students can relax after a lesson. It is designed to be both comfortable and quiet for anyone who wants to study.

        Track/ Field
            Our school's track is extremely large covering 500m loop divided into 6 lanes. Along side this, the white space in the middle is our schools field proudly presenting the BISH bulldog. It's used for all kinds of activities and is available for parent/ student use at 6:00am.
