General Information

    BISH was founded in 2000 on its original campus in Watonga Houston. In 2016 we moved to the newer and more modern Katy campus which covers 33 acres of land.

    House System
        To increase school spirit, everybody who comes to the school is split into 4 different houses; Earth, Fire, Air and Water. During house events, like sports day, houses compete to get first place and win House points for their house. At the end of the school year, the house with the most house points is awarded the House Cup.


    Interesting Facts About BISH
      There are roughly 1,100 students currently studying at BISH & the maximum capacity is 2,000.

      BISH teaches all the way from PreK to 12th grade/ from Early Years to Year 13.

      There are 70 different nationalities at BISH; Only 53% of our schools' population are British/ American


    BISH is partnered with many other schools/ companies, the most notable partnerships are:

        MIT
            MIT is in the top 3 best STEAM teaching colleges in the world. It has helped make our curriculum more STEAM-based.

        Apple
            We are partnered with Apple as our school is a centre of innovation, leadership and educational excellence. BISH provides iPads to all students below Year 10 and has many apple TVs around the campus.

        Juilliard
            Juilliard is the best performing arts college in the world. BISH has partnered with them and has combined the curriculums often get workshops/ visits from people from Julliard to help us learn more about the performing arts.


    Security

    The security at our school is robust to ensure everyone's safety.

      These include:
        - Locked doors (only operable through the use of ID badges)

        - Live CCTV footage of most areas in the school

        - Regular fire and intruder drills

        - Use of identity badges (Lanyards)

        - Main gate security checkpoint

        - Security guard patrols

        - Fenced-in area