Languages

    From Years 1-9 you will learn both French and Spanish, then at IGCSE, you will be offered the choice between one or the other. After this, in IB you will be offered a wider selection of languages like German and Mandarin.

    Mother Tongue
        BISH also teaches native languages for people, called the Mother tongue programme. Mother tongue is for people that speak a certain language fluently and want to retain their familiarity with it - in case they don't get the chance to speak it elsewhere. Most mother tongue languages are during enrichment or offered as a CCA.

        The mother tongue programme offers:
            - Dutch
            - German
            - Spanish
            - Mandarin
            - Russian

        From years 1-9, your mother tongue language can also be taken as a subject replacing Spanish/French.

        From years 10-11, you can't replace Spanish/French as you need one to complete your IGCSE course requirements. However, the school will provide the facilities to carry out an IGCSE exam for your native tongue if you choose to which will award an extra IGCSE.

        From years 12-13 you, again, can't replace your native language for your language studies as it is a requirement for the IBDP course. In IB it is also unlikely that the facilities to carry out an IB exam will be provided for your native tongue.

        If your mother tongue happens to be taught at your year level as a regular class, there is no need for any substitution or changes.

    EAL/ESL
        If you can't speak English very well, then the school will provide an EAL/ESL (English as an Additional language/ English as a Second Language) course for you, which will help you learn the language much faster.

        You are also most likely to have a different timetable than the rest of your peers as it will be more focused on learning English. For example, sessions of additional language & tutor time will be replaced with EAL classes.

        By the end of the course, you will achieve an intermediate or higher level of English and carry on with a usual timetable.

        "We did this for about 1-1.5 year and it helped a lot, giving us that extra time and support to catch up with the rest of the class." - Batyr & Finn