 About Us

    Welcome to Our Website

    What is this website for?
        This website is made for secondary students that are coming to BISH.

        You are now on the page called "About us", and you can come back here by clicking on the BISH logo in the top left.

        The header on the top is your navigation bar and from there you can access any of the sections about school life in BISH.


        Additionally, we have provided a variety of languages for new students in case English isn't your first language.

        When you first come to the school, you will be given a buddy from your year group to help guide you around the campus. However, if you would like to contact any of us personally you can do this by using our school emails.

        Sadly, school emails are deleted once you leave the school meaning that if you are reading this in the future these emails may not exist anymore.

    About Us (// May update or add to these quotes but won't remove them outright //)
        We are a group of Year 10 (2018-2019) students of the British International School of Houston, who are trying to make the lives of new students easier.

        In 2021 we are revisiting this website in Year 12 (2020-2021) to polish and publish it.

        Batyr

            Hello everyone, my name is Batyr and welcome to our website.

            In the production of this website I was responsible for coding and designing the pages without any usage of typical website builders like Wix or Weebly, but rather through programming languages such as HTML, CSS & JavaScript.

            I moved to Houston in 2017 and after just a month, I became a student of the British International School of Houston. Since I lived the majority of my life in Kazakhstan, I was only able to speak Kazakh and Russian with some basics of English. Not only did I have to learn the language, but also adjust to the unique school system.

            It took some time for me to adapt and advice from the experienced students would have been beneficial.
            Therefore, we have created this website and hope it will make your life easier at BISH.


        Nirav
            Hello, my name is Nirav and welcome to our website.

            I moved to Houston in the summer of 2012 and have been at BISH since Year 5. I like the school and its unique way of teaching and learning.

            I've lived in many places in my life and have found that the BISH community is one of my favourites. I speak English and am responsible for content creation. The schooling system here is unique at first as it is all about independent learning but after a while, you will understand it. After a while, I found that it was growing on me.

            Hopefully, you find this website to be useful.


        Finn
            Hi, my name is Finn and I started at BISH in 2016.

            I like it here even though I didn't speak any English when I came here.

            My first day at BISH was a disaster and that is why we created this website so that future students don't have the first day as I did.

            To be particular, I was the content maker of the website, which required me to look up different sources to give our readers a better understanding of the school.

            I'm Dutch and have lived in the Netherlands my entire life until I moved here.

            And after BISH I will probably go back to Holland.

            We hope you find this website helpful.


        Our Translators
            (// Need to confirm with translators //)